idleAnimName Sneak
idleAnimName RightToe
idleAnimName LeftToe
idleAnimName walk
idleAnimName LeftFoot
idleAnimName RightFoot
idleAnimName TyStep
idleAnimName Jog
idleAnimName run00
idleAnimName skid
idleAnimName TyStopsShort
idleAnimName SkidTurn
idleAnimName SkidTurn180
idleAnimName SkidRecover
idleAnimName jump
idleAnimName TyJump
idleAnimName landing
idleAnimName jumpToGlide
idleAnimName glideIdle
idleAnimName TrailOn
idleAnimName glideReach
idleAnimName glideReachIdle
idleAnimName fall
idleAnimName longFall
idleAnimName splatLand
idleAnimName KnockDownLandOnBack
idleAnimName blink
idleAnimName VLM36
idleAnimName TyKnockDown
idleAnimName LedgeGrab
idleAnimName LedgePullUp
idleAnimName launch
idleAnimName LedgeClimb
idleAnimName LedgeGrabIdle
idleAnimName LookAtOff
idleAnimName LedgePullUpJump
idleAnimName SurfaceSwim
idleAnimName RightHand
idleAnimName LeftHand
idleAnimName SurfaceSwimIdle
idleAnimName swimDiveOne
idleAnimName Whip1
idleAnimName SwimDiveTwo
idleAnimName SwimSlow
idleAnimName SwimFast
idleAnimName SwimIdle
idleAnimName WaterShake
idleAnimName FallDive1
idleAnimName FallDiveCycle
idleAnimName FallDive2
idleAnimName DrownGasp
idleAnimName DrownDead
idleAnimName DrownSettle
idleAnimName Bite1
idleAnimName BiteHeadOn
idleAnimName BiteGrowl1
idleAnimName BiteHeadOff
idleAnimName Bite2
idleAnimName BiteGrowl2
idleAnimName Bite3
idleAnimName BiteGrowl3
idleAnimName Bite4
idleAnimName BiteGrowl4
idleAnimName Bite1a
idleAnimName BiteDiveRise
idleAnimName DiveBitePreamble
idleAnimName BiteDiveForward
idleAnimName TyDiveBite
idleAnimName BiteDiveIdle
idleAnimName BiteDiveHeadStuck
idleAnimName TyStuck
idleAnimName BounceStart
idleAnimName BounceFinish
idleAnimName HeroKnockBack
idleAnimName TyLand
idleAnimName HeroKnockBackIdle
idleAnimName actionIdle
idleAnimName relaxIdle
idleAnimName specialIdle1
idleAnimName TrailOff
idleAnimName RangTwirlOn
idleAnimName RangTwirlOff
idleAnimName specialIdle2
idleAnimName RangTyRightOff
idleAnimName RangTyRightSpecialIdle2On
idleAnimName RangTyRightSpecialIdle2Off
idleAnimName RangTyRightOn
idleAnimName specialIdle3
idleAnimName fliesOn
idleAnimName SpecialIdle4
idleAnimName SpecialIdle5
idleAnimName EdgeWobble
idleAnimName rightThrow
idleAnimName rightThrowBoomerang
idleAnimName leftThrow
idleAnimName leftThrowBoomerang
idleAnimName leftCatch
idleAnimName TyRangStdCatch
idleAnimName rightCatch
idleAnimName RightThrowRang01
idleAnimName LeftThrowRang01
idleAnimName SwimLeftThrow
idleAnimName SwimLeftCatch
idleAnimName SwimRightThrow
idleAnimName SwimRightCatch
idleAnimName SurfaceLeftCatch
idleAnimName SurfaceRightCatch
idleAnimName knockDown
idleAnimName getUp
idleAnimName flinch1
idleAnimName flinch2
idleAnimName flinch3
idleAnimName WaterKnockBack
idleAnimName SwimKnockBackStopSwimSnd
idleAnimName Death
idleAnimName WaterSlideIdle1
idleAnimName WaterSlideLeft
idleAnimName WaterSlideRight
idleAnimName WaterSlideSlowDown
idleAnimName WaterSlideSpeedUp1
idleAnimName HillSlideBelly
idleAnimName WaterSlideDuck
idleAnimName HillSlideBum
idleAnimName WaterSlideLeftThrow
idleAnimName WaterSlideRightThrow
idleAnimName WaterSlideLeftCatch
idleAnimName WaterSlideRightCatch
idleAnimName SlideJump
idleAnimName SlideBackflip
idleAnimName BodyDejected
idleAnimName BodyShow
idleAnimName FallDive1_backwards
idleAnimName RangChangeStart
idleAnimName RangChange
idleAnimName RangChangeMiddle
idleAnimName RangChangeEnd
idleAnimName TyShootUp
idleAnimName ClaimLand1
idleAnimName ShowItem
idleAnimName HideItem
idleAnimName ClaimRangCatch
idleAnimName Whip2Hard
idleAnimName ClaimLand2
idleAnimName ClaimLand3
idleAnimName ClaimLand4
idleAnimName ClaimLand5
idleAnimName ClaimWater1
idleAnimName ClaimWater2
idleAnimName ClaimWater3
idleAnimName ClaimWater4
idleAnimName ClaimWater5
idleAnimName SpecialIdle6
idleAnimName Wade
idleAnimName LipsNeutral
idleAnimName ClimbUp
idleAnimName Climb
idleAnimName ClimbDown
idleAnimName ClimbLeft
idleAnimName ClimbRight
idleAnimName ClimbIdle
idleAnimName ClimbPullUp
idleAnimName ClimbLedgeGrab
idleAnimName SoftStep
idleAnimName ClimbStepDown
idleAnimName ClimbWallJump
idleAnimName ClimbWallJump180
idleAnimName AfterDunny
idleAnimName SurfJump
idleAnimName SurfDeath
idleAnimName TySplash
idleAnimName SpinThrow
idleAnimName SurfSnap
idleAnimName SwingRight
idleAnimName SwingLeft
idleAnimName SwingRightIdle
idleAnimName SwingLeftIdle
idleAnimName SwingLeftThrow
idleAnimName SwingRightThrow
idleAnimName SwingLeftCatch
idleAnimName SwingRightCatch
idleAnimName SwingClimbUpLeft
idleAnimName SwingClimbUpRight

